README for GSU Hackathon

Have you ever thought about how many people you come into contact with every day? Is it 30 people? How about 40? 50? Would you be capable of remembering every single one of those 30-50 people off the top of your head? Contact tracing is the process of identifying all the people that a person has come into contact with while infected with a disease or illness, and is used to both root out the origin of the illness and prevent further possible contagion. Our project idea, Tracer (name not officially formalized) is to allieviate that process of contact tracing for a person should they get tested positive for Covid-19. The way our product would have worked is that a person would be able to list off all the people that they have been in contact with every day for the past 14 days. The user would provide information like what the person's name is that they met with, and their phone number. In doing so, should a user find themselves tested positive with Covid-19, they could with the push of a button have a generated list of people (sorted by date of last contact) that they met AND have a pre-generated message sent to each person on that list notifying them that they should be tested.
We were not able to finish our product sadly. As we were all new to Android Studio, there were many challenges that we had to overcome, such as working with the Android API at the level we chose. Furthermore, we ran into some challenges with figuring out how to store the data so that it could be retrieved every time that the user opened up the application.
Despite these obstacles, we still were taught a lot by this application-making process. For instance, we learned how to use a new software (Android Studio) and become more familiar with doing both back-end and front-end creation. Furthermore, we were able to practice upon our skills with git and unix commands. Lastly, we learned the soft skills that come with making a team and creating a multi-faced project.